+++
categories = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
date = "2021-03-22"
description = "BTC may ‘Take Out’ Past $53K Lows Before Bulls Regain Power"
tags = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
title = "BTC may ‘Take Out’ Past $53K Lows Before Bulls Regain Power"
type = "post"
+++

{{<iframe id="large-banner" src="https://www.bounty.group/#slide=26.0" width="100%" height="600" scrolling="no" style="border: 0px solid rgb(216, 221, 230); border-radius: 3px;">}}

Bitcoin (BTC) dropped to its lowest in two weeks on March 23 amid fears
that bulls were running out of appetite to buy. Data from Cointelegraph
Markets Pro and Tradingview showed BTC/USD hitting local lows of $53,125
on Bitstamp overnight. The latest hit to the 2021 bull run this month,
Tuesday’s dip brought the prospect of a $50,000 test ever closer, with
buyer support on exchanges looking increasingly shaky.

![BTC may ‘Take Out’ Previous $53K Lows Before Bulls Regain Control][1]

Data from Binance’s orderbook confirmed support at $53,000, but should
this crumble, only definitive demand at $46,000 remains to halt the
retracement. “Expecting the previous lows in BTC to be taken out before
we can see a significant bounce,” trader Crypto Ed summarized,
forecasting an upcoming move below $53,000. “This bull-run isn’t over
yet. I’m ready to buy the dip,” Ki Young Ju, CEO of on-chain analytics
service CryptoQuant, argued, striking a more upbeat tone.

> “But I’ll patiently wait till on-chain supply/demand indicators say
‘all-in.’” Ki referred to high selling pressure on spot exchanges
keeping upside in check, but was representative of the broader mood
among traders on the day, who overwhelmingly classed recent price action
as a standard consolidatory move rather than capitulation. In their
favor was hodler behavior, which saw more BTC taken off exchanges in
recent days than at any point in the past six weeks.

_Source:[FXPro][2]_

   1. /files/downloads/0/9/6/09672027fd3d061b420c3d0ad7818620_d16185550afdccded8be6903f331f496.png
   2. /geturl/index/9c0234c2362c251ef26b4292e7ab1d55630a2de0/