+++
categories = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
date = "2021-01-26"
description = "Harvard, Yale Have Been Buying Bitcoin for at Least a Year"
tags = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
title = "Harvard, Yale Have Been Buying Bitcoin for at Least a Year"
type = "post"
+++

{{<iframe id="large-banner" src="https://www.bounty.group/#slide=13.0" width="100%" height="600" scrolling="no" style="border: 0px solid rgb(216, 221, 230); border-radius: 3px;">}}

Some of the largest university endowment funds in the U.S. have been
quietly buying cryptocurrency for the past year or so through accounts
held at Coinbase and other exchanges, CoinDesk has learned. According to
two sources familiar with the situation, Harvard, Yale, Brown and the
University of Michigan as well as several other colleges have been
buying crypto directly on exchanges.

![Harvard, Yale, Brown Endowments Have Been Buying Bitcoin for at Least
a Year: Sources ][1]

> “There are quite a few,” said a source who asked to remain unnamed. “A
lot of endowments are allocating a little bit to crypto at the moment.”
Yale and Brown did not respond to requests for comment by press time.
When reached by CoinDesk, the Harvard and University of Michigan
endowments declined to comment. Coinbase also declined to comment.
University endowments got a single mention in Coinbase’s annual report
for 2020, but without naming any names.

Some of the university endowment funds in question may have held
accounts with Coinbase for as long as 18 months, according to one
source. “It could be since mid-2019,” the source said. “Most have been
in at least a year. I would think they will probably discuss it publicly
at some point this year. I suspect they would be sitting on some pretty
nice chunks of return.”

University endowments are pools of capital accumulated by academic
institutions, often in the form of charitable donations. These funds,
which support teaching and research, can be allocated into various
assets for investment purposes.

Harvard’s is the largest university endowment with over $40 billion in
assets. Yale has over $30 billion, Michigan has about $12.5 billion,
while Brown holds $4.7 billion. It is unknown how much each fund has
allocated in crypto but it is likely a fraction of percent of their
total assets.

_Source:[FXPro][2]_

   1. /files/downloads/1/c/f/1cf03878597e8edc2537120f49caa6ef_07f7c0de8113ca4e944d8ba679016ea0.png
   2. /geturl/index/fe639ef0fa1bdfb53191320db8018808882e1692/