+++
categories = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
date = "2021-12-10"
description = "Bitcoin’s Fall under $48K will Open the Way to $41K or $30K"
tags = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
title = "Bitcoin’s Fall under $48K will Open the Way to $41K or $30K"
type = "post"
+++

{{<iframe id="large-banner" src="https://www.bounty.group/#slide=20.0" width="100%" height="600" scrolling="no" style="border: 0px solid rgb(216, 221, 230); border-radius: 3px;">}}

The crypto market has lost 4.2% of its capitalisation in the past 24
hours and now stands at $2.27 trillion. From the peak levels reached a
month ago, capitalisation has dropped by 23%, allowing us to speak of
the start of a bear market for the sector, at least like the one we saw
in April-July.

![Bitcoin’s Fall under $48K will Open the Way to $41K or $30K][1]

  
The cryptocurrency fear and greed index dropped from 29 to 24, slipping
into the extreme fear territory.

Alarmingly, the overall capitalisation this time was pulled down by
altcoins. The first cryptocurrency lost around 3% over the day,
returning to $48.3, where the 200-day moving average runs and touched
the oversold area again.

![Bitcoin’s Fall under $48K will Open the Way to $41K or $30K][2]

A significant short-term indicator for the market promises to be the
200-day average for Bitcoin. An ability to bounce back above that line
would indicate bullish sentiment prevails and promises new attempts to
climb above $50K or $60K this month. A sharp fall would formally clear
the way for a deeper correction to $41K or even $30K.

![Bitcoin’s Fall under $48K will Open the Way to $41K or $30K][3]

ETHUSD has been losing 6% over the last 24 hours and is dangerously
close to the psychologically significant $4000 level. The latest
momentum of the decline pushed the first altcoin away from the 50-day
moving average, and a deeper correction may follow. Ether fell out of
the bullish uptrend from the end of September and went into a prolonged
consolidation. The declines yesterday and this morning brought the coin
back to the lower end of the consolidation range, and a dip under $4000
would open a straight road down with a potential target at $3300 or
further to $2700.

Bitcoin’s share of the crypto market has started to rise again, reaching
40.3%. We see this growth in a falling market as an additional sign of
fear of the crypto market.

_Source:[FXPro][4]_

   1. /files/downloads/2/c/f/2cf32842aba8efa01faa45ca644f8375_6d82047d63861d4491b105845002e93d.png
   2. /files/downloads/4/f/6/4f6267cba62c09da84e5862be6869b8f_edd5fc3bf27adaa0b172969f76661983.png
   3. /files/downloads/5/8/6/586de89af9a0df54307d6494ac1cda1e_3ecf55838c320bb415a6dcb59b4b66dc.png
   4. /geturl/index/b3a70c23a6d29de31e0d0a9b572f0d0127082e70/