+++
categories = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
date = "2020-10-30"
description = "Bitcoin Suddenly Dips, BofA Predicts 20% Stock Market Crash"
tags = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
title = "Bitcoin Suddenly Dips, BofA Predicts 20% Stock Market Crash"
type = "post"
+++

{{<iframe id="large-banner" src="https://www.bounty.group/#slide=19.0" width="100%" height="600" scrolling="no" style="border: 0px solid rgb(216, 221, 230); border-radius: 3px;">}}

The price of Bitcoin (BTC) abruptly dropped 4% from the day’s peak on
Oct. 30 as the uncertainty in the stock market intensified. With five
days left to the U.S. presidential election, Bank of America, or BofA,
suggested a 20% drop is possible. The Dow Jones Industrial Average
declined 7.55% since Oct. 12. Tech-heavy stock indices performed
slightly better in the same three weeks as the Nasdaq dropped 5.8%.

![Bitcoin suddenly slides 4% as BofA predicts a 20% stock market
crash][1]

While the correlation between Bitcoin and stocks has declined in recent
weeks, the slump of risk-on assets could negatively affect
cryptocurrencies. According to BofA economists led by Michelle Meyer,
the election result is not the biggest threat to equities.

Rather, it is whether a contested election occurs that could cause the
markets to rattle due to uncertainty. The markets could still rally
regardless of who wins the election, but a contested election may lead
to a market slump. The economists wrote:

Since Oct. 12, while U.S. stock market indices declined by 5% to 6%,
Bitcoin rallied by nearly 16%. In the last 18 days, BTC rose from
$11,167 to $13,290, massively outperforming gold, stocks and the U.S.
dollar. But the confluence of Bitcoin facing a multiyear resistance
level at $14,000 and the lack of certainty around risk-on assets could
slow BTC’s momentum.

In the near term, as Cointelegraph reported, $13,000 serves as a large
whale cluster. This means high-net-worth buyers would likely protect
$13,000 as a key support area. Since $14,000 was the previous top for
Bitcoin in mid-2019, the new range would likely be found $13,000 to
$13,900.

If the market uncertainty persists after the election, there is a higher
probability that it would place BTC in the low $13,000 region for a
prolonged period, which wouldn’t necessarily be unhealthy.

_Source:[FXPro][2]_

   1. /files/downloads/9/2/2/92210638622c5227a73c19eecb9ef373_f67c6cb2626d14d96c41062535d7d099.png
   2. /geturl/index/d8ce08a41b4ad1f852e601edef05f8db26cda6b2/