+++
categories = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
date = "2021-03-02"
description = "Bitcoin Hits $51K as Short-Term Bull Case Strengthens"
tags = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
title = "Bitcoin Hits $51K as Short-Term Bull Case Strengthens"
type = "post"
+++

{{<iframe id="large-banner" src="https://www.bounty.group/#slide=28.0" width="100%" height="600" scrolling="no" style="border: 0px solid rgb(216, 221, 230); border-radius: 3px;">}}

The U.S. dollar index (DXY) is showing signs of a short-term top as the
price of Bitcoin (BTC) demonstrates signals of a short-term rally. There
is a narrative that the price of Bitcoin often coincides with a drop in
the value of the dollar. Since stores of value, like gold and Bitcoin
are priced against the dollar, theoretically, a downtrend in the DXY
would likely have a positive impact on the price of BTC.

![Bitcoin Hits $51K as Short-Term Bull Case Strengthens][1]

As the dollar began to consolidate, Bitcoin broke above $50,000 on March
3, putting it on track to retest the $51,600 resistance level once
again. Above $51,600, there is little resistance until $56,000. Hence,
breaking past this level is critical to secure upside momentum in the
short term. Bitcoin Jack, a semi-pseudonymous trader, who predicted the
$3,600 bottom in March 2020, said:

If Bitcoin continues to rally as the dollar stagnates, it could allow
BTC to simultaneously benefit from two macro factors. First, the
dollar’s decline naturally benefits Bitcoin. Second, the impending $1.9
trillion dollar U.S. stimulus could serve as a catalyst for a broader
BTC rally while diluting the value of the dollar. Bitcoin likely slumped
in the past week due to the shaky macro climate, as the dollar began to
climb and bond yields rose to a yearly high.

If the macroeconomic conditions were the major catalyst for Bitcoin’s
downturn, now that bond yields are easing, it could bouy BTC’s momentum
in the coming weeks. According to John Cho, the director of global
expansion at Ground X, $42,900 was most likely the local bottom for
Bitcoin in the foreseeable future. Cho earlier predicted a short-term
Bitcoin downturn, expecting a drop to around $40,000 to $41,000. BTC did
not drop that low, but it declined to sub-$43,000, almost completing a
30% drop from its local high.

Following the strong recovery of Bitcoin, it is critical for the
dominant cryptocurrency to retest the $56,000 resistance area. Above it,
the path toward a new all-time high is open, making $60,000 the next
likely target.

_Source:[FXPro][2]_

   1. /files/downloads/7/5/5/755da24538ee5e44e7bb4d7ec02227fb_d644e1166bdd4f45d89dbc828cac07a6.png
   2. /geturl/index/f91058a8ba5918b9430ea2fce4afae405e73306f/