+++
categories = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
date = "2021-09-03"
description = "BTC Returns to $50K After $450M Loss in Daily Liquidations"
tags = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
title = "BTC Returns to $50K After $450M Loss in Daily Liquidations"
type = "post"
+++

{{<iframe id="large-banner" src="https://www.bounty.group/#slide=7.0" width="100%" height="600" scrolling="no" style="border: 0px solid rgb(216, 221, 230); border-radius: 3px;">}}

Data from Cointelegraph Markets Pro and TradingView showed BTC/USD
suddenly breaking through the $50,000 mark to hit its highest since Aug.
23. After a night of bullish action, the pair left its lower trading
range of recent weeks behind, with volatility still significant at the
time of writing. Local highs topped $50,300 on Bitstamp. As
Cointelegraph reported, $51,000 remains the level to beat in order to
cement a continuation of the 2021 Bitcoin bull run.

Heavy resistance remained at that level Thursday, with analysts waiting
to see if the latest uptick had the momentum required to change the
longer-term paradigm. “Bitcoin facing final hurdle before $57K,”
Cointelegraph contributing analyst Michaël van de Poppe tweeted in his
latest update. “Welcome back to $50,000 BTC,” fellow analyst Rekt
Capital added.

Short traders lost out heavily from the upside, with liquidations
hitting almost half a billion dollars in the past 24 hours. As
Cointelegraph noted, September tends to be a “boring” month when it
comes to Bitcoin returns, with 6% currently the best performance on
record.Price forecasts take account of the anomaly, with the popular
“worst-case scenario” series from stock-to-flow model creator PlanB
calling for a $43,000 minimum monthly close.

_Source:[FXPro][1]_

   1. /geturl/index/c46948134a7e5f3c8855ac2d308cc49f5820f9c1/