+++
categories = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
date = "2020-04-20"
description = "Bitcoin: 5 Things That Will Impact Crypto Market This Week"
tags = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
title = "Bitcoin: 5 Things That Will Impact Crypto Market This Week"
type = "post"
+++

{{<iframe id="large-banner" src="https://www.bounty.group/#slide=19.0" width="100%" height="600" scrolling="no" style="border: 0px solid rgb(216, 221, 230); border-radius: 3px;">}}

From oil nearing $10 to stocks trading near all-time highs despite
millions of unemployed, Bitcoin has a lot to consider this week. Bitcoin
(BTC) maintained $7,000 despite strong resistance on April 20 as oil
crashed through fresh support levels towards $10. Heading into what
promises to be a choppy week for traditional markets, here are five
things to watch for Bitcoin traders in the coming days.

Data from Coin360 and Cointelegraph Markets showed some rare calm for
BTC/USD as the week began. The pair circled $7,190 at press time, having
lingered inside a $300 corridor over the weekend. Bitcoin has now
maintained $7,000 support since April 16, while analysts continue to
warn that year-to-date resistance and the 200-day moving average both
present barriers to further growth.

[![[BTC](https://www.playgroundfx.com/blog/who-is-the-creator-of-bitcoin/) maintained 7,000april 20][1]][1]

The last time such prices were recorded was in 1999, while a $10 price
tag was rarely seen on market closes even then — since 1987, a close of
$10.82 formed the record low, according to data from Macrotrends. As
Cointelegraph reported, even United States President Donald Trump has
appeared resigned to the idea of oil falling even as low as single
digits per barrel. “No one wants oil right now,” Bloomberg summarized
while tracking the decline on Monday.

Paradoxically, stock markets continue to gain, despite millions of
unemployed workers still appearing and the U.S. and other governments
supporting them with helicopter money. Commentator Holger Zschaepitz
noted on Monday that a basket of stocks known as FANGMAN — Facebook,
Amazon, Netflix, Alphabet, Microsoft, Apple, Nvidia — traded just 7%
below its all-time highs as the week began. Since its crash in March,
Bitcoin has shown a continued correlation with the fortunes of major
stock markets. The increasingly bizarre contrast has formed the topic of
intense scrutiny by Bitcoin supporters, however, with Max Keiser arguing
that it represents the illicit transfer of wealth away from workers and
companies to banks and the state.

Bitcoin’s third seminal block reward halving is now just three weeks
away. Set to reduce the amount paid to miners per block to 6.25 BTC, the
event will harden Bitcoin as money overnight.

In an interview on Sunday, Saifedean Ammous, author of the popular book
“The Bitcoin Standard” made a simple argument for the halving’s positive
impact on the Bitcoin price. Once the flow of new Bitcoins halves, he
argued, demand could theoretically also halve and still keep BTC/USD at
its current level.

PlanB, the analyst behind the celebrated stock-to-flow price model,
meanwhile sticks by its latest forecast — by the end of 2020, Bitcoin
should trade at around $30,000.

On Tuesday, Bitcoin’s difficulty adjustment feature means it will become
8.5% more difficult to find new blocks. This is one of the rare larger
upticks after difficulty — and interpreted as a bullish sign by some
analysts — adjusted downwards following last month’s price crash. As
Cointelegraph often reports, difficulty plays a key role in ensuring
Bitcoin remains hard money — price fluctuations do not result in coins
being mined faster or slower, and the stock-to-flow ratio is thus
preserved.

Bitcoin Price: 5 Things That Will Impact the Crypto Market This Week,
CoinTelegraph, Apr 20

_Source:[FXPro][2]_

   1. /files/downloads/8/3/5/8353687cdc683d76b060c06a8bf9778f_1d5aa881944e0427b83152909b5ae667.png
   2. /geturl/index/b4926232c8699963c2bc305e0a8064674dae4c71/