+++
categories = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
date = "2021-08-04"
description = "ETH Eyes 3-wk Winning Streak vs. BTC, BTC Drifts Below $39K"
tags = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
title = "ETH Eyes 3-wk Winning Streak vs. BTC, BTC Drifts Below $39K"
type = "post"
+++

{{<iframe id="large-banner" src="https://www.bounty.group/#slide=19.0" width="100%" height="600" scrolling="no" style="border: 0px solid rgb(216, 221, 230); border-radius: 3px;">}}

![Ethereum eyes 3-week winning streak vs. Bitcoin as BTC price drifts
below $39K][1]

Bitcoin (BTC) headed lower on Thursday after an attempt to reclaim
$40,000 failed to garner buyer support. Data from Cointelegraph Markets
Pro and TradingView showed BTC/USD dropping to local lows of $38,700 on
Bitstamp, down around 1.5% in several hours. The largest cryptocurrency
had benefited considerably from remarks by Gary Gensler, the new Chair
of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, on Tuesday, but
momentum stalled at the psychologically significant $40,000 mark.

Thursday’s dip took away the prospect of flipping the 21-week
exponential moving average (EMA) — one of several eyed by analysts this
week — as firm new support. Meanwhile, on-chain indicators once again
contrasted with middling BTC price action. In particular, Thursday
revealed the extent of long-term holder (LTH) Bitcoin accumulation, this
reaching new all-time highs: More of the BTC supply was now in the hands
of LTHs than ever before.

On altcoins, Ether (ETH) dominated the conversation amid bullish
forecasts for fresh price gains, while the ETH/BTC pair is headed for
its third consecutive green weekly candle. Ethereum’s token could reach
new local highs in the coming months after its latest successful hard
fork, analysts forecast as strength against Bitcoin continued.

ETH/BTC hit 0.0693 on Wednesday, the date of the hard fork deployment —
its highest in nearly two months. A local resistance point, the 0.07 BTC
level has yet to reappear since the Bitcoin-inspired market drawdown
began in May.

_Source:[FXPro][2]_

   1. /files/downloads/c/5/c/c5ce8c9452a41de175e0ad7caf39982a_912a0c3c1e08947eb45f67e8f74559be.jpg
   2. /geturl/index/4136b381579b686ce5d21cc1e9b315866bb8c69c/