+++
categories = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
date = "2021-08-26"
description = "Record $900M Month for NFT as CryptoPunks Go Stratospheric"
tags = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
title = "Record $900M Month for NFT as CryptoPunks Go Stratospheric"
type = "post"
+++

{{<iframe id="large-banner" src="https://www.bounty.group/#slide=21.0" width="100%" height="600" scrolling="no" style="border: 0px solid rgb(216, 221, 230); border-radius: 3px;">}}

![Record $900 million month for NFT sales as CryptoPunks go
stratospheric][1]

August is shaping up to be a record month for nonfungible token sales
with almost $900 million spent on them over the past 30 days. According
to data from the tracking portal Nonfungible, $896 million has been
spent on NFTs over the past 30 days. The number is very likely to exceed
$900 million by the end of the month marking a new record for the
burgeoning industry.

The number is more than triple the previous best month for NFT sales in
May when $255 million were sold. August has seen sales skyrocket and it
has been largely down to CryptoPunks and Axie Infinity.

According to Cryptoslam, a record $397 million in CryptoPunk sales have
occurred so far this month. The average sale price for the pixelated
punks is a whopping $214,000. One of the most expensive ones ever sold
was number 7523, a rare alien punk wearing a face mask that went for a
whopping $11.5 million in a Sotheby’s auction in June.

Earlier this week, credit card giant Visa announced that it had
purchased its own CryptoPunk for 49.5 ETH, worth just under $150,000 at
the time of purchase. Head of crypto at Visa Cuy Sheffield said: With
our CryptoPunk purchase, we’re jumping in feet first. This is just the
beginning of our work in this space.”

_Source:[FXPro][2]_

   1. /files/downloads/a/f/4/af45f0f86a5e5103401c051c73a96565_773330794d7f126d1f68dcd3f0c59b5b.jpg
   2. /geturl/index/9fef828c2495092446580cb725eb34a019f24aa6/