+++
categories = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
date = "2021-07-13"
description = "BTC Rebounds from $33K Support as US Inflation into Focus"
tags = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
title = "BTC Rebounds from $33K Support as US Inflation into Focus"
type = "post"
+++

{{<iframe id="large-banner" src="https://www.bounty.group/#slide=14.0" width="100%" height="600" scrolling="no" style="border: 0px solid rgb(216, 221, 230); border-radius: 3px;">}}

![Bitcoin rebounds from $33K support as US dollar inflation comes back
into focus][1]

Bitcoin (BTC) prices steadied on Tuesday after closing the previous
session at a 3.41% loss, supported by a weakening United States dollar
sentiment ahead of a key U.S. inflation report due later on Tuesday. The
spot BTC/USD exchange rate rose by a modest 1.31% to $33,096 after
bottoming out on Monday at $32,996 on Coinbase. The CME Bitcoin Futures
was up 1.64% from its previous session’s low of $32,600. Meanwhile, the
USD index was down about 0.03% ahead of the London opening bell. The
index represents the greenback’s strength against a basket of top
foreign currencies. Bitcoin and the USD moved inversely during a week of
key inflation reports and a crucial congressional testimony from Federal
Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell.

On Tuesday, the U.S. Consumer Price Index (CPI) expects to post another
significant spike in June, highlighting a run-up in inflation as the
economy attempts to recover from the coronavirus pandemic slowdown. A
Reuters poll of economists noted that the CPI might have increased by
0.5% since May and 4.9% from a year earlier. Many traders bet on Bitcoin
against the prospects of higher inflation, partly due to popular
narratives that project the flagship cryptocurrency as a hedge against
central bank inflationary policies that hurt fiat currencies’ purchasing
power.

In detail, the Federal Reserve has been running a $120-billion monthly
asset purchase program since March 2020 while keeping its benchmark
lending rate near zero. As a result, the U.S. central bank’s policies
have doubled the size of its balance sheet to more than $8 trillion.
Meanwhile, the same period has witnessed Bitcoin spiking by up to 1,528%
— from $3,858 to almost $65,000. The cryptocurrency had declined by more
than half by the said mid-April peak but sustained its overall bullish
bias by relentlessly holding $30,000 as its psychological price floor.
The support came extremely handy following the previous two CPI reports
showing that inflation jumped to 4.2% in April and 4.9% in May.

_Source:[FXPro][2]_

   1. /files/downloads/2/4/c/24ccf88ce1c4f2fa472d69edaaab05dd_4c1776f5bec5ed3c2d552a2401acfc94.jpg
   2. /geturl/index/eb82d074f60c193f1b9c291198358644f06d3131/