+++
categories = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
date = "2020-12-28"
description = "SEC vs. Ripple: Predictable but Undesirable Development"
tags = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
title = "SEC vs. Ripple: Predictable but Undesirable Development"
type = "post"
+++

{{<iframe id="large-banner" src="https://www.bounty.group/#slide=5.0" width="100%" height="600" scrolling="no" style="border: 0px solid rgb(216, 221, 230); border-radius: 3px;">}}

The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission has not been kind to crypto
in the past year. In March 2020, in the SEC v. Telegram case, the
Commission won a worldwide injunction against the proposed issuance of
Grams by Telegram, undoing years of innovative work even in the absence
of any allegations of [fraud](https://www.letsplayfx.com/blog/cryptocurrency-fraud/). Then, on the last day of September 2020,
Judge Alvin K. Hellerstein dashed the hopes of Kik Interactive by ruling
in favor of the SEC’s motion for summary judgment in SEC v. Kik
Interactive, halting the sale of Kin crypto tokens. Both of these
actions were filed in the Southern District of New York. On Dec. 22,
2020, the SEC decided that it was time to initiate another high-profile
action, filing in the same district against Ripple Labs and its initial
and current CEOs, Christian Larsen and Bradly Garlinghouse,
respectively, for raising more than $1.38 billion through the sale of
XRP since 2013.

![SEC vs. Ripple: Predictable but Undesirable Development][1]

The initial fallout from this action has been swift and severe: 24 hours
after the lawsuit was filed, the price of XRP was down almost 25%. This
still left XRP ranked fourth on CoinMarketCap, with a total market
capitalization of over $10.5 billion.

The complaint  
In its complaint, the Commission paints a straightforward pattern of
sales of XRP that were never registered with the SEC or made pursuant to
any exemption from registration. From the perspective of the Commission,
this amounts to a sustained practice of illegal sales of unregistered,
non-exempt securities under Section 5 of the Securities Act of 1933.

For readers not familiar with legal procedure, it might seem unusual for
the case to be brought in a New York federal court, especially since
Ripple is headquartered in California, and both named individuals reside
there. However, Ripple has an office in the Southern District of that
state, some statements were made by Garlinghouse while he was present in
New York, and significant sales of XRP were made to New York residents.
In legal parlance, this would make venues in the Southern District of
New York appropriate.

In addition, it might be surprising to some that both Larsen and
Garlinghouse were named personally in an action that seeks primarily to
recover for XRP allegedly sold illegally by Ripple, through its wholly-
owned subsidiary, XRP II LLC. They are named both because they
individually also sold significant volumes of XRP — 1.7 billion by
Larsen and 321 million by Garlinghouse — and because the SEC contends
they “aided and abetted” Ripple in its sales.

Aiding and abetting is a cause of action that depends on a primary
violation by a third party, in which the aider and abettor voluntarily
and knowingly participates with the goal of assisting in the venture’s
success. In this case, Ripple would be the primary violator, and both
Larsen and Garlinghouse are alleged to have substantially participated
in the pattern of Ripple’s XRP sales, with the goal of allowing the
company to raise funds without registering XRP under the federal
securities laws or complying with any available exemption from
registration.

The bulk of the complaint provides an overview of digital assets,
details the SEC’s version of the [history](https://www.fixpro.org/post/chargeless-historical-data-api-backtesting/) of Ripple and its marketing
efforts with regard to XRP, illustrates how in the opinion of the
Commission, XRP satisfies the elements of the Howey investment contract
test under the federal securities laws, and seeks to demonstrate how
Larsen and Garlinghouse participated in the on-going sales efforts.

In addition to disgorgement of all “ill-gotten gains,” the requested
order would permanently ban the named defendants from ever selling
unregistered XRP or participating in any way in the sale of
unregistered, non-exempt securities. It would also prohibit them from
participating in the offering of any digital asset securities, and it
seeks unspecified civil monetary penalties.

_Source:[FXPro][2]_

   1. /files/downloads/4/b/0/4b0c5f71f68a425441eb936a5ec87fa0_d138e621ec345caa2e93c4f162b9ac4e.png
   2. /geturl/index/da39f81266f5e404a88ca7b2a8235c2701394583/