+++
categories = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
date = "2020-10-04"
description = "Renowned Analyst Predicts XRP Price of 30 USD in 2-3 Years"
tags = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
title = "Renowned Analyst Predicts XRP Price of 30 USD in 2-3 Years"
type = "post"
+++

{{<iframe id="large-banner" src="https://www.bounty.group/#slide=4.0" width="100%" height="600" scrolling="no" style="border: 0px solid rgb(216, 221, 230); border-radius: 3px;">}}

The renowned crypto analyst, “Credible Crypto” has joined other experts
who predict a massive increase in the price of XRP since yesterday. The
technical analyst explained in a series of tweets to his 68,000
followers that XRP could rise to between 20 and 30 USD in the next bull
run in the crypto market due to its fundamentals.

![Renowned Analyst Predicts XRP Price of 30 USD in 2-3 Years][1]

However, Credible Crypto dismissed prices beyond that as unrealistic:
“Keep it real. XRP price IS NOT “pre-determined.” XRP IS NOT “backed by
gold”. XRP WILL NOT reach the prices BTC has ($10,000 ). XRP will NOT
replace the dollar. But it doesn’t need to do ANY of these things to
make you and me life changing money over the next 3 years. I don’t know
about the long term, but look for $20-$30 over the next bull run (2-3
years)”.

Credible Crypto argues that a price close to $10,000 is not realistic,
as XRP would have to reach a market capitalization of
$1,000,000,000,000,000 for that to happen. “This is not happening”, the
analyst says. In addition, it is “complete nonsense to try to compare
the market capitalization of a cryptocurrency with an unrelated asset”.

Literally, the entire crypto space right now is to some extent a
speculative moonshot? XRP has more usage, adoption, and demand than
most, which makes it a solid bet. That’s all any coin in the space is
right now though- a bet. As the analyst explained, the token issued by
Ripple has much greater potential and is now gaining much greater
acceptance than other cryptocurrencies. Nonetheless, Credible Crypto
expects the next bull run to be as speculative as the previous two.
However, one of the biggest beneficiaries could be XRP, if the “real use
cases” are revealed:

Let’s not kid ourselves, speculation is what is going to fuel the next
bull run just like the last 2, and that speculation will also make many
very wealthy, just like the last 2. […] I am saying we are still early.
Real use cases and utility are (for most cryptos right now) something
they are aiming to achieve, not something that they have at scale right
now. Real use cases and utility will continue to grow with time.

_Source:[FXPro][2]_

   1. /files/downloads/8/f/3/8f3b06927ce8d4857fe4c5079810a574_578a34c44d8b970147c597a9abdb33df.png
   2. /geturl/index/3d2aa883f3e41505102433e29b831fb7a9320c83/