+++
categories = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
date = "2021-02-10"
description = "CME’s Ether Futures Drove more than $30M Volume on First Day"
tags = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
title = "CME’s Ether Futures Drove more than $30M Volume on First Day"
type = "post"
+++

{{<iframe id="large-banner" src="https://www.bounty.group/#slide=15.0" width="100%" height="600" scrolling="no" style="border: 0px solid rgb(216, 221, 230); border-radius: 3px;">}}

The launch of Chicago Mercantile Group’s highly anticipated Ether
futures saw more than $30 million worth of contracts traded during the
first day of trade. Launched on Feb. 8, CME’s new Ether product saw 388
contracts traded in its first day, with 303 of the contracts being
mobilized to speculate on February’s price. While 84 contracts expiring
in March were also traded, only a single April contract changed hands.

![CME’s Ether Futures Drove more than $30M Volume on First Day][1]

Each of CME’s contracts represents 50 Ether, with the exchange setting
the minimum trade value at five contracts — worth more than $450,000 at
current prices. CME’s ETH futures last traded for $1,826.5, a 1.5% price
premium over the spot markets. With the majority of contracts traded set
to expire in February, traders appear to be speculating that Ether will
close the month near its current price levels.

The days leading up to the launch saw significant bullish momentum for
Ethereum, with price rallying into new all-time highs above $1,500 and
social engagement at unprecedented levels.

According to Blockchain Center’s “Flippening Index,” which seeks to
measure Ethereum’s strength relative to Bitcoin by eight key metrics,
Ethereum has already overtaken Bitcoin by half of its indicators —
transaction count, node count, transaction volume, and total transaction
fees.

The index ranked Ethereum’s Google search interest and market cap at
roughly one-quarter of Bitcoin’s, while Ether active addresses are at
53% and trade volume is at 74%. All told the Flippening Index is
currently sitting at an all-time high of 72.4%.

_Source: FXPro_

   1. /files/downloads/d/e/5/de5477d3220af7cef0fbd2f1323f5136_056901a155a776f50ef5a9ed4427b1f5.png