+++
categories = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
date = "2020-11-09"
description = "Will PayPal’s Crypto Integration Bring Crypto to Masses?"
tags = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
title = "Will PayPal’s Crypto Integration Bring Crypto to Masses?"
type = "post"
+++

{{<iframe id="large-banner" src="https://www.bounty.group/#slide=10.0" width="100%" height="600" scrolling="no" style="border: 0px solid rgb(216, 221, 230); border-radius: 3px;">}}

One of the most discussed topics within the crypto community recently
has been PayPal’s announcement that its customers will be able to buy
and sell cryptocurrencies. The service is expected to be fully rolled
out early next year.

![Will PayPal’s Crypto Integration Bring Crypto to Masses?][1]

The company’s goal “to increase consumer understanding and adoption of
cryptocurrency,” as stated in its press release, seems to be a needed
step in cryptocurrency popularization. Mainstream awareness of crypto
still remains very low. As data from a Statista survey indicates,
Bitcoin (BTC) use in countries with developed economies is below 10%,
with the lowest levels in Sweden, Denmark and Japan. Meanwhile, some
optimistically predict that this number will grow to 90% of the U.S.
population by 2030.

PayPal’s president and CEO, Dan Schulman, said that “The shift to
digital forms of currencies is inevitable, bringing with it clear
advantages in [terms](https://www.fintechee.com/terms/) of financial inclusion and access; efficiency, speed
and resilience of the payments system; and the ability for governments
to disburse funds to citizens quickly.” Similarly, the former prime
minister of Malta, Joseph Muscat, told the General Assembly of the
United Nations in 2018 that cryptocurrencies were the “inevitable future
of money.”

PayPal will begin by offering its services for users with Bitcoin, Ether
(ETH), Litecoin (LTC) and Bitcoin Cash (BCH), and the company has
acquired from the New York State Department of Financial Services what
it claims to be a “first-of-its-kind” conditional BitLicense — a license
required to operate a digital currency business in New York — and
partnered with United States-based stablecoin operator Paxos to enable
this service for its customers.

Considering that PayPal had a reported 346 million active users in the
second quarter of 2020 — a figure that has since increased in the third
quarter to 361 million, according to its latest quarterly report — the
decision to offer its customers services related to cryptocurrencies
seems to be a significant step toward mainstream adoption. Last year,
Cointelegraph asked experts in the crypto and [blockchain](https://www.letsplayfx.com/blog/trade-forex-with-bitcoin/) industries for
their opinions on crypto mass adoption. This time, the question was:
Could PayPal’s recent announcement of beginning to offer crypto payments
possibly force the mass adoption of crypto?

Cristina Dolan, founder and CEO of InsideChains and vice chair of the
MIT Enterprise Forum:

> “This is a very exciting announcement that will help increase crypto
adoption for traditional value transfer or payments by offering an easy
and integrated solution for the 346 million active PayPal users. The
most challenging part of utilizing crypto for payments is the on-and-off
ramp from the crypto [blockchain](https://www.letsplayfx.com/blog/trade-forex-with-bitcoin/) networks using keypairs to make a
payment or a transfer. Reducing that friction at the transaction point
will make it easier to integrate it into simple value transfer use
cases, therefore making it less intimidating. This may even increase the
velocity of crypto and Bitcoin spending across the network while
increasing its perceived usability and value as a currency, not just a
store of value. PayPal dominates payments processing, yet integrating
crypto may also attract new customers.”

Dominik Schiener, co-founder of the IOTA Foundation:

> “Since there is no change to the merchant end of these transactions,
right now the adoption would be on the user end. PayPal adding crypto as
an option for users does speak to a future in which both ends of the
transaction are engaged in crypto, which is very exciting for our
adoption. This will eventually lead to mass adoption as well as a new
method of payments between not just users and merchants but smart
devices and smart cities. As more payments platforms accept crypto, we
will see that awareness grow into increased interconnectivity with IoT
technology”.  
>  Jay Hao, CEO of OKEx:

> “PayPal’s move into offering cryptocurrency services is extremely
bullish for the space; however, it does not in itself signal instant
mass adoption of them. What we are seeing, which is a very key sea
change, is the normalization of cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin and their
legitimization by institutions and large household companies. Paypal
will start offering these services to its U.S. customers, but with some
350 million customers around the world, this is a big step toward
greater awareness and acceptance. Of course, it does not mean that
everyone will rush out and buy Bitcoin, but as it gradually becomes more
accepted, particularly against the backdrop of an economic crisis in
which fiat currencies are losing their purchasing power, more entrants
will naturally come to the market. I think that many payments giants and
tech companies like PayPal are also seeing the way that things are going
and that they need to join it or get run over by it.“

_Source:[FXPro][2]_

   1. /files/downloads/8/7/f/87ff8c6e4355a1dbbfe394afc0300a39_a36ee17ea43dcee4e8168a28ab1f8881.png
   2. /geturl/index/f1a22ee0115c59d07eace7dd3ec75840e06f3c17/