+++
categories = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
date = "2020-09-22"
description = "Is BTC ‘death spiral’ imminent after difficulty adjustment?"
tags = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
title = "Is BTC ‘death spiral’ imminent after difficulty adjustment?"
type = "post"
+++

{{<iframe id="large-banner" src="https://www.bounty.group/#slide=8.0" width="100%" height="600" scrolling="no" style="border: 0px solid rgb(216, 221, 230); border-radius: 3px;">}}

Before the recent halving, many were prophesying a so-called “death
spiral” for Bitcoin. This theory hinges on the idea that the halving of
the block reward leads to an exodus of miners due to the sudden
unprofitability of mining activities. As a result, the network hashrate
decreases and the block time increases, meaning that miner revenue
further diminishes, pushing more miners off the network. This loop would
then allegedly continue until there is no one left to mine Bitcoin
(BTC). So, were the doomsday prophets right all along?

![Is BTC ‘death spiral’ imminent following yesterday’s massive
adjustment?][1]

In order to answer this question, we have to understand what triggers
difficulty adjustments. All Bitcoin miners compete to solve the next
block. The more hashpower the network enjoys, the faster that can
happen. In order to make sure that the generation rate remains at an
interval of 10 minutes per block, Satoshi Nakamoto embedded a feature
into the protocol that adjusts the difficulty approximately every two
weeks. If during this period, the time between blocks falls below that
mark, the difficulty adjusts upwards. If the time between blocks rises
above that number, the opposite occurs.

These two recent adjustments came as a result of an immense increase in
hashpower. Thus, instead of supporting the death spiral scenario, it
would appear to indicate the excellent health of the Bitcoin network.

_Source:[FXPro][2]_

   1. /files/downloads/a/7/a/a7a7c3ee0a28287b405d131fb596d576_bf1289908160c6f84fa9823e601d7607.png
   2. /geturl/index/ece8b2aeb082a54ea42f9c5148d17113809e8e1a/