+++
categories = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
date = "2020-09-22"
description = "SEC, OCC Issue Regulatory Clarifications for Stablecoins"
tags = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
title = "SEC, OCC Issue Regulatory Clarifications for Stablecoins"
type = "post"
+++

{{<iframe id="large-banner" src="https://www.bounty.group/#slide=26.0" width="100%" height="600" scrolling="no" style="border: 0px solid rgb(216, 221, 230); border-radius: 3px;">}}

The U.S. Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) has published
fresh guidance, officially clarifying national banks can provide
services to stablecoin issuers in the U.S. The Office of the Comptroller
of the Currency (OCC) and the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)
published stablecoin guidance Monday, providing the first detailed
national guidance on how cryptocurrencies backed by fiat currencies
should be treated under law. Prior to Monday’s notices, there was no
federal clarity around stablecoins.

![SEC, OCC Issue First Regulatory Clarifications for Stablecoins][1]

Stablecoin issuers have been using U.S. banks for years, but in an
unclear regulatory environment. Now, the OCC wants federally regulated
banks to feel comfortable providing services to stablecoin issuers, it
said in a press release. An accompanying interpretative letter, signed
by Senior Deputy Comptroller Jonathan Gould, explained that while banks
should conduct due diligence and ensure they assess the risks of banking
any stablecoin issuers, stablecoins are becoming increasingly popular.

The letter specifies it refers to stablecoins backed on a one-to-one
basis by fiat currencies. “National banks and federal savings
associations currently engage in stablecoin related activities involving
billions of dollars each day. This opinion provides greater regulatory
certainty for banks within the federal banking system to provide those
client services in a safe and sound manner,” Acting Comptroller of the
Currency Brian Brooks said in a statement.

The OCC detailed how banks should handle stablecoin reserves,
specifically referring to stablecoins backed by currencies like the
dollar. The OCC has taken a number of steps to integrate the crypto
space with the existing financial system under Brooks, who is Coinbase’s
former general counsel. In recent months, the OCC has told banks they
can provide services to crypto startups and floated a national payment
charter for exchanges and other fintech firms.

According to the letter, stablecoin issuers can point to the fact that
regulated banks hold their reserves to convince the general public that
they are safe. The letter specifies that the OCC’s guidance only refers
to stablecoins held in hosted wallets, meaning wallets controlled by a
trusted third party. Unhosted wallets, which are controlled by the
individual user who owns the cryptos being stored, are not included in
Monday’s announcement.

Further, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) said certain
stablecoins might not be securities under federal law, but advised
issuers to work with the agency and legal counsel to ensure this is the
case. According to the statement, the SEC is willing to publish a “no-
action” letter, which would assure the recipient that the regulator
would not bring an enforcement action against the company.

Monday’s statements would appear to apply to fiat-backed stablecoins
only, not algorithmic ones. Basis, a stablecoin startup which raised
$133 million in 2018, shut down that December after its lawyers
concluded that the specific mechanism for its token would be treated as
securities under U.S. law.

_Source:[FXPro][2]_

   1. /files/downloads/4/b/6/4b69f99e0d881f7b21b4e66a31bb0dee_3b2857e559ac040749073c71180e8f1f.png
   2. /geturl/index/576da622102a73817a4317969246abd85cf92c47/