+++
categories = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
date = "2021-03-10"
description = "ETH Miners Plot Hash-Power ‘Show of Force’ Against EIP-1559"
tags = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
title = "ETH Miners Plot Hash-Power ‘Show of Force’ Against EIP-1559"
type = "post"
+++

{{<iframe id="large-banner" src="https://www.bounty.group/#slide=10.0" width="100%" height="600" scrolling="no" style="border: 0px solid rgb(216, 221, 230); border-radius: 3px;">}}

Some Ethereum miners are trying to drum up support for a demonstration
of force to show their opposition to the impending implementation of
EIP-1559. Amid the backdrop of ever-escalating Ethereum fees, the
Ethereum Improvement Proposal seeks to replace the network’s existing
bidding-based fee market with a fixed price and burn mechanism. However,
EIP-1559 — which is scheduled to go live in July, will significantly
impact the revenue of miners. Some analysts estimating Ethereum miners
could lose up to 50% of their profits.

![ETH Miners Plot Hash-Power ‘Show of Force’ Against EIP-1559][1]

To signal their opposition to the proposal, some Ether miners are now
planning a 51-hour show of force for April 1. Miners intend to direct
their hash rate to the 1559-opposed pool, Ethermine, for 51 hours on
April 1. Some apparently hope to harness more than 51% of hash rate. If
that were successful, the pool would command enough mining power to make
unilateral changes to the network’s protocol.

In a video streamed live on March 9, popular YouTuber, “Bits Be
Trippin’,” discussed the planned hash-power redirect, describing the
proposed move as a benevolent “a show of force”: “Part of the risk
display here is not to attack the network, it’s to show that force
projection is possible.” The YouTuber sought to placate concerns that
Ethermine could the new-found hash power to attack the network, claiming
“there’s no incentive” for them to do so.

> “What it is showing is that if you have a misalignment of incentives,
you can get the network into a position where a would-be attacker could
put a price point out there, pay a lot more for that hashpower that just
got kicked off, and now you have a situation where you could have a
double-spend or a block reorg,” he said. On March 5, Cointelegraph
reported that Ethereum’s core developers announced EIP-1559 would be
implemented in July. Many Ethereum proponents from outside of the mining
sector celebrated the [news](https://www.letsplayfx.com/blog/forex-news-website/).

Apart from keeping a lid on fees, part of the appeal of the proposal is
that it could end up lowering the Ether supply. Appearing on Tim
Ferriss’ podcast yesterday, Ethereum co-founder and EIP-1559 co-author,
Vitalik Buterin, emphasize the proposal’s burn mechanism could result in
more Ether being destroyed than created — creating a bullish dynamic for
Ethereum.

_Source:[FXPro][2]_

   1. /files/downloads/1/9/7/1979cb5aa5868d7ba184ef4908c41981_7bd3534c79d2d72a9acc66fcfa74a3df.png
   2. /geturl/index/68984380fafefdaf67ecdf486a90a4ca15b22260/