+++
categories = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
date = "2021-10-11"
description = "Crypto Market Shines in Nigeria Despite Official Disapproval"
tags = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
title = "Crypto Market Shines in Nigeria Despite Official Disapproval"
type = "post"
+++

{{<iframe id="large-banner" src="https://www.bounty.group/#slide=2.0" width="100%" height="600" scrolling="no" style="border: 0px solid rgb(216, 221, 230); border-radius: 3px;">}}

LAGOS (Reuters) - Nigerian art dealer Ebuka Joseph started using
cryptocurrencies last year when business ground to a halt due to
COVID-19. Now he is hooked even though the financial authorities
disapprove.

> “Crypto just allows me to transact freely and within minutes we are
done with our transactions,” the 28-year-old told Reuters from a
friend’s [studio](https://www.fintechee.com/expert-advisor-studio/) in Lagos where he displays his works.

Nigeria’s Central Bank barred local banks from working with
cryptocurrencies in February, warning of “severe regulatory sanctions”
and freezing accounts of firms it says are using them.

But Joseph’s appetite for crypto, like many in Nigeria, has only
increased.

For people like him, the clampdown has highlighted the benefits of using
currencies outside the central bank’s control, and Nigeria remains the
largest market for cryptocurrency trading platforms like Paxful.

Nigerians are turning to crypto for business, to protect their savings
as the naira loses value, and to send payments abroad because it is
often hard to obtain U.S. dollars, experts and users told Reuters.

In March, just after the central bank ban, the dollar volume of
cryptocurrencies sent from Nigeria rose to $132 million, up 17% from the
previous month, research firm Chainalysis said. Transactions in June
were 25% above the same month last year.

Sly Megida, another artist using crypto to sell his works, said his
buyers worldwide readily accept the use of digital currencies and they
have also protected his finances.

> “The naira is digressing and we are trying to keep the value of the
art,” he said, calling crypto “the currency where people don’t think
that I am paying too much or too less”.

## DANGERS REMAIN

The Paxful peer-to-peer platform that Joseph uses experienced a 57% rise
in trading volume in Nigeria in the year to June, while user numbers
surged 83%.

Exchange Yellowcard, which has adopted the peer-to-peer model in Nigeria
since February, told Reuters that use “has continued to absolutely
skyrocket”.

Both Paxful, which has opened an office in Abuja to lobby the government
to change its attitude to crypto, and Yellowcard said Nigerians
generally turn to crypto for business rather than speculation.

Chainalysis, in a report last month on African crypto, said the central
bank ban locked most Nigerians out of traditional crypto exchanges, so
many shifted to a peer-to-peer system.

This goes via platforms such as Paxful or Local Bitcoins, which vet both
parties. But other users just exchange crypto for Nigerian naira or
other currencies with people they find on WhatsApp or Telegram.

As a result, Chainalysis said Nigeria’s crypto use is likely even higher
than its figures suggest.

Risks remain, however. In August, the central bank froze the accounts of
some crypto users for allegedly sourcing funds from illegal foreign
exchange dealers, leaving many companies that use cryptocurrencies
reluctant to talk about it.

Joseph, though, is undeterred.

> “You can sell to people outside the country, and they can actually pay
in different currencies, which you can always convert,” Joseph said.

_Reporting by Chijioke Ohuocha and Libby George; Additional reporting by
Angela Ukomadu; Editing by Giles Elgood_