+++
categories = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
date = "2022-02-03"
description = "Meta’s Collapse - Change of Leaders or the next Domino?"
tags = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
title = "Meta’s Collapse - Change of Leaders or the next Domino?"
type = "post"
+++

{{<iframe id="large-banner" src="https://www.bounty.group/#slide=15.0" width="100%" height="600" scrolling="no" style="border: 0px solid rgb(216, 221, 230); border-radius: 3px;">}}

Meta (FB) shares lost around 20% post-market, which appears to be an
overreaction and shows how wary buyers have become of the former growth
leaders, the so-called FAANG stocks.

The sharp declines of former crowd favourites could result from a
reassessment of the medium-term outlook, for example, due to changes in
monetary [policy](https://www.fintechee.com/policy/). But they could also be the next domino effect in an
impending bear market.

![Meta’s Collapse – Change of Leaders or the next Domino?][1]

Netflix shares lost more than 30% in a few days following a
disappointing report late last month and fell 50% from their peak in
late November before fumbling for support from bargain hunters.

PayPal was not technically in the FAANG big league but was punished just
as much, losing around 25% intraday yesterday. After Facebook, Snap
(-15%) and Twitter (-7%) also took a tangential hit.

In our view, these are not isolated corporate stories but manifestations
of broader underline currents. And in the coming days, we will have to
determine whether we see a change in the bull market leaders or the
first signals of a prolonged bearish trend.

![Meta’s Collapse – Change of Leaders or the next Domino?][2]

In a bear market, the weakest stars are the first to fall, and then the
vortex of decline attracts more and more strong participants.

The first domino is meme stocks, which had fallen methodically since
June when the first signals emerged that the Fed was starting to prepare
the markets for a wind-down.

Then we saw a peak in many high-tech stocks in November when the Fed
started cutting back on buying.

By this logic, the downward spiral could pull more strong stocks into a
downward spiral by the time interest rates rise, which is expected in
March.

If we look more broadly, at the Nasdaq100 index, there is a rather
worrying tech analysis picture. It is once again below its 200-day
moving average. The high-tech-filled Meta retreated 2.4% after the
report. The S&P500 and DJIA, however, look noticeably stronger on the
technical analysis side.

![Meta’s Collapse – Change of Leaders or the next Domino?][3]

But it is worth watching closely how the trading will go this week and
whether the buyers will reverse the negative trend of the former Nasdaq
favourites.

If so, we see a change in the leaders in the form of a rotation in value
stocks and other names affected by the pandemic. But fears that the Fed
is preparing to take money out of the financial system could force
market players to take money off the table by selling blue chips.

_Source:[FXPro][4]_

   1. /files/downloads/0/f/3/0f3ca6ea6828db95c1e170c889fde2ab_07af0435d06286d0093c6567ec1ff660.png
   2. /files/downloads/2/f/2/2f2d54661ea5df6e5937a13f63595f82_8b6ac9836cd027313aa4446ca393da1c.png
   3. /files/downloads/b/4/6/b46d6d2f14af6fba8b4eebf82a82b2ef_2f70c726d1456f9b64f2e7f75c101d48.png
   4. /geturl/index/bbef12514de21036583bd59490d202c2d2ab83c4/