+++
categories = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
date = "2021-04-07"
description = "XRP is up Roughly 20% over Past 24 hours, Trading for $1.08"
tags = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
title = "XRP is up Roughly 20% over Past 24 hours, Trading for $1.08"
type = "post"
+++

{{<iframe id="large-banner" src="https://www.bounty.group/#slide=4.0" width="100%" height="600" scrolling="no" style="border: 0px solid rgb(216, 221, 230); border-radius: 3px;">}}

Ripple Labs has been granted access to U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission documents “expressing the agency’s interpretation or views”
on the subject of crypto assets. According to Law360, U.S. Magistrate
Judge Sarah Netburn granted the defendants’ motion “in large part,”
determining that SEC minutes or memos concerning crypto are likely
discoverable. Netburn asserted staff-to-staff email communications do
not need to be produced.

![XRP is Up Roughly 20% over the past 24 Hours and is Currently Trading
for $1.08][1]

Netburn also allowed for the SEC and Ripple to raise disputes with the
ruling. In December, the SEC filed a lawsuit alleging Ripple Labs, its
CEO Brad Garlinghouse, and chairman Christian Larsen, raised $1.38
billion through an unlicensed security offering in August 2013. Ripple
has challenged the SEC’s suit, claiming that XRP is akin to Bitcoin or
Ethereum — both of which have been classified as commodities by the SEC,
in addition to criticizing the eight years taken for the agency to file
its complaint against Ripple.

Law360 reports that Garlinghouse’s counsel, Matthew Solomon, believes it
may be “game over” for the SEC’s suit should they find evidence the
regulator has deemed XRP akin to BTC or Ether, noting the SEC’s
regulatory purview does not extend beyond securities. With the SEC
having taken eight years to file its complaint against Ripple, the
firm’s lawyers also believe they can undermine the SEC’s claims should
they be able to produce documentation showing contradictory
determinations as to the regulator’s classification of XRP.

The price of XRP has been on a tear this month despite the SEC’s
complaint, with the token up nearly 100% since the start of April. XRP
is up roughly 20% over the past 24 hours and is currently trading for
$1.08.

_Source:[FXPro][2]_

   1. /files/downloads/2/9/1/291cdd7fd2268bfde71abf8bdf518036_565f94bc74bdb6ce22d922d616394e5b.png
   2. /geturl/index/4eb01d7efbe4e41fb475572e18d4674b614077b7/