+++
categories = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
date = "2022-02-18"
description = "Russian Authorities Clash on Plans for Crypto Regulation"
tags = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
title = "Russian Authorities Clash on Plans for Crypto Regulation"
type = "post"
+++

{{<iframe id="large-banner" src="https://www.bounty.group/#slide=13.0" width="100%" height="600" scrolling="no" style="border: 0px solid rgb(216, 221, 230); border-radius: 3px;">}}

MOSCOW, Feb 18 (Reuters) - A simmering dispute over cryptocurrency
[regulation](https://www.playgroundfx.com/blog/forex-broker-regulation/) in Russia heated up on Friday as the finance ministry
submitted legislative proposals that clashed with the central bank's
demand for a blanket ban.

The Bank of Russia has proposed banning cryptocurrency trading and
mining due to the threat digital currencies pose to financial stability.
The finance ministry disagrees and President Vladimir Putin has called
on authorities to find a consensus.

Finance Minister Anton Siluanov told state TV channel Rossiya-24 on
Friday that he hoped disagreements could be ironed out and a bill
regulating cryptocurrencies passed by the end of the year. He said the
government would take the final decision.

> "I hope that, in the best-case scenario, it could be passed in the
spring session," Siluanov said, though he acknowledged that broader
debates may prolong its passage.

Siluanov said his ministry proposed identifying crypto traders, which he
said would separate the "white" market from the "grey" market.

Giving law enforcement the power to trace money flows and transactions
may diminish one of cryptocurrencies' major selling points - their
anonymity.

> "The Russian government...appears to have taken the position that
crypto assets are here to stay and is contemplating legislation with the
aim of bringing the industry 'out of the shadows' and creating an
opportunity for legal business," said David Henderson, senior associate
at Browne Jacobson.

A document seen by Reuters, however, shows the central bank does not
support the ministry's proposals and wants an outright ban on the
issuance and circulation of cryptocurrencies.

The finance ministry and central bank did not immediately reply to
Reuters requests for comment.

Andrey Kladov, former cryptocurrency expert at Russia's Internet
Initiatives Development Fund and now engaged in digital banking in South
Africa, said their diametrically opposed views could significantly
hinder market development, giving time for the grey market to become
even greyer.

> "A prohibitionist stance on it is absolutely useless, like banning
umbrellas because 50 years ago someone killed a man with an umbrella,"
Kladov said. "Everyone has umbrellas and every fifth or 10th person has
cryptocurrency."

The central bank estimates the annual volume of cryptocurrency
transactions in Russia at about $5 billion.

In spite of the dispute, Siluanov said his ministry was working with the
central bank to ensure that crypto assets did not appear on banks'
balance sheets.

_Reporting by Elena Fabrichnaya and Alexander Marrow; Editing by Mark
Heinrich and Christina Fincher_

_Source:[Reuters][1]_

   1. /geturl/index/ebb313ada14975822fefb8d9070ad4395fd05ec5/