+++
categories = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
date = "2021-01-05"
description = "JPMorgan Sees $146,000-Plus Bitcoin Price, Long-Term Target"
tags = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
title = "JPMorgan Sees $146,000-Plus Bitcoin Price, Long-Term Target"
type = "post"
+++

{{<iframe id="large-banner" src="https://www.bounty.group/#slide=18.0" width="100%" height="600" scrolling="no" style="border: 0px solid rgb(216, 221, 230); border-radius: 3px;">}}

Bitcoin may have the potential for substantial further gains over the
long term as it competes with gold for investment flows, according to
JPMorgan Chase & Co.

![JPMorgan Sees $146,000-Plus Bitcoin Price, Long-Term Target][1]

Bitcoin’s market capitalization of around $575 billion would have to
rise by 4.6 times — for a theoretical Bitcoin price of $146,000 — to
match the total private sector investment in gold via exchange-traded
funds or bars and coins, strategists led by Nikolaos Panigirtzoglou
wrote in a note. But that outlook depends on the volatility of Bitcoin
converging with that of gold to encourage more institutional investment,
a process that will take some time, they said.

> “A crowding out of gold as an ‘alternative’ currency implies big
upside for Bitcoin over the long term,” the strategists wrote Monday.
However, “a convergence in volatilities between Bitcoin and gold is
unlikely to happen quickly and is in our mind a multiyear process. This
implies that the above-$146,000 theoretical Bitcoin price target should
be considered as a long-term target, and thus an unsustainable price
target for this year.”

Bitcoin slid as much as 17% on Monday, the biggest drop since March,
after breaching $34,000 for the first time over the weekend. The swings
are a reminder of the famed volatility of the largest cryptocurrency,
whose price has more than quadrupled over the past year.

For now, JPMorgan sees headwinds for the largest cryptocurrency, with
indicators like a buildup of speculative long positions and an increase
in investment wallets holding small amounts of Bitcoin showing potential
froth.

_Source:[FXPro][2]_

   1. /files/downloads/2/c/9/2c965ef5d52adae82bdc318caca82f07_0f54accfa43118b720bbf66b528f938c.png
   2. /geturl/index/227f72322bd53b7e0c726d17a09350d14e44cd2a/