+++
categories = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
date = "2020-08-19"
description = "98% of All Bitcoin Is Now Worth More Than When You Bought It"
tags = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
title = "98% of All Bitcoin Is Now Worth More Than When You Bought It"
type = "post"
+++

{{<iframe id="large-banner" src="https://www.bounty.group/#slide=2.0" width="100%" height="600" scrolling="no" style="border: 0px solid rgb(216, 221, 230); border-radius: 3px;">}}

At around $12,000, buying Bitcoin has been a profitable activity on
97.6% of all days since April 2013, data confirms. Bitcoin (BTC) has
delivered gains to its holders on almost 98% of all days since 2013, new
data confirms. According to a dedicated social media-based monitoring
resource which tracks profitability, buying Bitcoin has made its holder
richer on 97.6% of days.

![98% of All Bitcoin Is Now Worth More Than When You Bought It][1]

Put another way, as on-chain analytics service Glassnode noted in its
The Week On-Chain weekly report on Monday, 97.6% of Bitcoin unspent
transaction outputs (UTXOs) are in profit. This means that only 2.4% of
UTXOs were created — as part of a transaction between wallets — when the
BTC price was higher than current levels at around $12,000. Despite a
slight pullback overnight on Tuesday, Bitcoin continues to delight
hodlers, with monthly gains still at almost 30%.

Continuing, Glassnode added that each time UTXO profitability passes
95%, it sparks a brief but intense bull run for BTC lasting up to three
months. Other metrics, meanwhile, suggest that Bitcoin is rather at the
start of a longer bull run than at the end of a sudden uptick.
Specifically, Glassnode’s Compass, which employs a basket of factors to
chart Bitcoin’s strength, continues to flash firmly bullish.

Previously, Cointelegraph noted that Bitcoin’s relative strength index,
or RSI, was mimicking its performance after the 2016 block subsidy
halving, which saw all-time highs of $20,000 a year later.

_Source:[FXPro][2]_

   1. /files/downloads/3/2/5/325dcf55f176d94043e80ee061c3222d_838ac8944b8469275cfecd264820d421.png
   2. /geturl/index/5891188aa9790f9c7e19ab44704a5f33d28eb4d0/