+++
categories = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
date = "2021-07-12"
description = "El Salvador BTC Move will Put Pressure on Network: JPMorgan"
tags = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
title = "El Salvador BTC Move will Put Pressure on Network: JPMorgan"
type = "post"
+++

{{<iframe id="large-banner" src="https://www.bounty.group/#slide=4.0" width="100%" height="600" scrolling="no" style="border: 0px solid rgb(216, 221, 230); border-radius: 3px;">}}

![El Salvador Bitcoin move will put pressure on network: JPMorgan][1]

American megabank JPMorgan has continued criticizing El Salvador’s
declaration of Bitcoin (BTC) as legal tender, warning of the potential
risks for both the country and the cryptocurrency. A JPMorgan expert
group led by economist Steven Palacio released a report suggesting that
El Salvador adopting BTC as legal tender could put a strain on the
Bitcoin network, Bloomberg reported Sunday. The experts said that
Bitcoin is highly illiquid, noting that most Bitcoin trading volumes are
internalized by major exchanges, with more than 90% of Bitcoin not
changing hands in more than a year.

The use of Bitcoin as legal tender in a country like El Salvador will
potentially put a “significant limitation” on Bitcoin’s capability to
serve as a medium of exchange, JPMorgan experts noted, pointing to the
cryptocurrency’s illiquidity and trading nature. “Daily payment activity
in El Salvador would represent 4% of recent on-chain transaction volume
and more than 1% of the total value of tokens which have been
transferred between wallets in the past year,” they said.

The JPMorgan experts also noted other challenges associated with El
Salvador’s adoption of Bitcoin as legal tender, including the potential
impact on the monetary system alongside official dollarization. A
continuous imbalance of demand for conversions of Bitcoin and the United
States dollar could “cannibalize onshore dollar liquidity” and
eventually introduce fiscal and balance of payments risk, the report
added.

_Source:[FXPro][2]_

   1. /files/downloads/d/4/d/d4d4c1fcf9a4348480ed4752bd5ee6b1_912a0c3c1e08947eb45f67e8f74559be.jpg
   2. /geturl/index/369459adfef33260abb03a027c747bae433f2aa8/