+++
categories = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
date = "2021-04-14"
description = "USDT, USDC and BUSD Represent 93% of Stablecoin Market Cap"
tags = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
title = "USDT, USDC and BUSD Represent 93% of Stablecoin Market Cap"
type = "post"
+++

{{<iframe id="large-banner" src="https://www.bounty.group/#slide=9.0" width="100%" height="600" scrolling="no" style="border: 0px solid rgb(216, 221, 230); border-radius: 3px;">}}

Research from on-chain analytics provider Glassnode has revealed that
the top three stablecoins represent more than 90% of the sector’s entire
market cap. Glassnode’s Tuesday “The Week On-chain” report found that
the top three stablecoins — Tether (USDT), USD Coin (USDC) and Binance
USD (BUSD) — have seen significant growth over the past six months to
represent a combined capitalization of more than $60 billion, equal to
92.75% of the stablecoin market.

![USDT, USDC and BUSD Represent 93% of Stablecoin Market Cap][1]

By contrast, six months ago, the combined stablecoin capitalization for
those three was less than one-third of its current levels at $19.2
billion. This time last year, stablecoins were worth just $7 billion
combined. The analysis compared the growth of stablecoins with Bitcoin’s
(BTC) market cap, identifying a clear correlation between the two. The
report also found that USDT’s supply has continued to increase during
recent weeks despite BTC trending sideways, whereas growth for USDC and
BUSD has slowed.

The report notes historic lows for its Stablecoin Supply Ratio (SSR)
metric, which measures Bitcoin’s market cap relative to the total
stablecoin supply to estimate the global “buying power” of the
stablecoin sector. When BTC prices are low, the supply of stablecoins
can buy a larger portion of it to push prices up. Conversely, as prices
increase, the available stablecoins can purchase less, which reduces the
influence on prices.

_Источник:[FXPro][2]_

   1. /files/downloads/a/9/f/a9f029e436bd2e6bdef3fdad0e1271ae_25a428cbdbd2a80d00855af373bb5863.png
   2. /geturl/index/69a4901bea15e770db9a6009c1401f4a3b0b2047/