+++
categories = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
date = "2021-09-08"
description = "SEC Threatens to Sue Coinbase over Crypto Lending Programme"
tags = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
title = "SEC Threatens to Sue Coinbase over Crypto Lending Programme"
type = "post"
+++

{{<iframe id="large-banner" src="https://www.bounty.group/#slide=12.0" width="100%" height="600" scrolling="no" style="border: 0px solid rgb(216, 221, 230); border-radius: 3px;">}}

HONG KONG (Reuters) - The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)
has threatened to sue Coinbase Global Inc if the crypto exchange goes
ahead with plans to launch a programme allowing users to earn interest
by lending crypto assets, Coinbase said on Wednesday.

The SEC has issued Coinbase with a Wells notice, an official way it
tells a company that it intends to sue the company in court, Paul
Grewal, the company’s chief legal officer said in a blog post. He said
Coinbase would delay the launch of its ‘Lend’ product until at least
October as a result.

Programmes that allow owners of cryptocurrencies to lend these in return
for interest are becoming more common around the world, but some
regulators, particularly in the United States have started to raise
concerns, arguing that such products should comply with existing
securities laws.

The U.S. state of New Jersey ordered the cryptocurrency platform BlockFi
Inc in July to stop offering interest-bearing accounts that have raised
$14.7 billion from [investor](https://www.fintechee.com/tutorial-for-forex-trading/investor-mode/)s.

Grewal said in his blog that the SEC’s concerns about Coinbase’s ‘Lend’
were related to the fact that the regulator believed the product
involved a security. Grewal said Coinbase felt that this was not the
case.

The SEC did not respond to an emailed request for comment outside office
hours.

_Reporting by Alun John in Hong Kong and Kanishka Singh in Bengaluru;
Editing by Ana Nicolaci da Costa_