+++
categories = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
date = "2020-06-30"
description = "Crypto Research Report Predicts $397K Bitcoin Price by 2030"
tags = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
title = "Crypto Research Report Predicts $397K Bitcoin Price by 2030"
type = "post"
+++

{{<iframe id="large-banner" src="https://www.bounty.group/#slide=18.0" width="100%" height="600" scrolling="no" style="border: 0px solid rgb(216, 221, 230); border-radius: 3px;">}}

Researchers behind the June 2020 report from the Crypto Research Report
used Bitcoin’s target addressable market to predict a rise to $397K. A
new report from a crypto research group suggests that the price of
Bitcoin could approach $400,000 in the next ten years, with altcoins
following its bullish example.

![Crypto Research Report Predicts $397K Bitcoin Price by 2030][1]

According to the June 2020 edition of the Crypto Research Report,
researchers predicted the price of Bitcoin (BTC) and other altcoins —
Ethereum (ETH), Litecoin (LTC), Bitcoin Cash (BCH), and Stellar (XLM) —
would get a huge surge before 2025, which may continue for at least five
years.

“We believe that Bitcoin is still at the very start of its adoption
curve,” the report states. “The price of $7,200 at the end of 2019
suggests that Bitcoin has penetrated less than 0.44% of its total
addressable markets [worth $212 trillion]. If this penetration manages
to reach 10%, its non-discounted utility price should reach nearly
$400,000.”That would mean a price increase of more than 4,000% for BTC
by 2030, but ETH, LTC, and BCH are also looking bullish in this
scenario, with surges of roughly 1,600%, 5,000%, and 5,400%,
respectively. However, XLM would see the largest increase: more than
11,000% from $0.07 to $7.81.

‏‏The ‎Liechtenstein-based research group analyzed cryptocurrencies
based on their target addressable market (TAM), a metric used “to
estimate a cryptoasset’s implied future price.” According to the report,
TAMs for cryptocurrencies include remittance, tax evasion, offshore
accounts, store of value, online transactions, micropayments, crypto
trading, gaming, online gambling, consumer loans, reserve currency, and
others.

_Source:[FXPro][2]_

   1. /files/downloads/7/5/6/7562ae2bdb04b440ca927039343faac8_fbe219c808f38c3f698f79fcac80f054.png
   2. /geturl/index/e1357a28a46bef3757ef244647bb0d12d516e1d9/