+++
categories = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
date = "2021-03-23"
description = "BTC Rally Slows, Whales Transfer Wealth to Retail Investors"
tags = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
title = "BTC Rally Slows, Whales Transfer Wealth to Retail Investors"
type = "post"
+++

{{<iframe id="large-banner" src="https://www.bounty.group/#slide=27.0" width="100%" height="600" scrolling="no" style="border: 0px solid rgb(216, 221, 230); border-radius: 3px;">}}

Analytics provider Glassnode is reporting that current on-chain
indicators suggest the Bitcoin bull market may be entering into its
later stages. In its March 22 Week on Chain report, on-chain analytics
provider Glassnode noted a decline in the number of Bitcoin whales
despite consistent accumulation from wallets holding 1 BTC or less since
March 2018.

![Btc Rally Slows, Whales Transfer Wealth to Retail Investors][1]

> “The persistent accumulation of small holders demonstrates a
willingness to HODL through volatility with the trend unbroken from
mid-2018 through the chaos of 2020,” the report noted. Whale addresses
holding over 100 BTC have been relatively flat by comparison, with the
group currently holding 62.6% of the supply — an increase of just 0.87%
over the past 12 months.

Drawing on its “Reserve Risk” metric — which is used to assess the
confidence of long-term holders relative to the price of Bitcoin,
Glassnode asserts a BTC “wealth transfer” from long-term holders to new
buyers is currently ongoing. The report stated that bull markets
generally follow a similar wealth transfer path over three distinct
phases, which can be used to estimate what stage the current cycle is
in. Peak hodl phases are inflection points where the largest proportion
of long-term holder, or LTH, owned coins are in profit.

> “Similar to the Reserve Risk metric, these studies suggest conditions
are similar to the second half or later stages of a bull market. There
remains a larger relative portion of supply still held by LTHs having
only spent 9% since the assumed Peak HODL point.”

Glassnode is not alone in speculating the end of the bull season may be
looming, with Chinese mining pool BTC.TOP CEO Jiang Zhuoer speculating
the bull market could be over as soon as September.

_Source:[FXPro][2]_

   1. /files/downloads/0/1/6/016326dd83c24a419f8703cf7c2e8e71_964e26994ccb8587b0dad1fa571a8c60.png
   2. /geturl/index/25e44080cc2ffc16a5fbf09883b40b2f037f1640/