+++
categories = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
date = "2020-12-08"
description = "MicroStrategy will Issue $400M in Securities to Buy more BTC"
tags = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
title = "MicroStrategy will Issue $400M in Securities to Buy more BTC"
type = "post"
+++

{{<iframe id="large-banner" src="https://www.bounty.group/#slide=25.0" width="100%" height="600" scrolling="no" style="border: 0px solid rgb(216, 221, 230); border-radius: 3px;">}}

The world’s largest publicly traded business intelligence firm,
MicroStrategy has announced plans to invest the proceeds from a $400
million securities offering into Bitcoin. On Dec. 7, the firm revealed
plans to issue $400 million in convertible senior notes — a debt
security that can be converted into the issuing company’s shares. The
announcement stated:

“Microstrategy intends to invest the net proceeds from the sale of the
notes in Bitcoin.” At current prices, the $400 million would increase
the company’s holdings by 20,833, which would bring the firm’s total
crypto stash to almost 62,000 BTC.

![MicroStrategy will Issue $400M in Securities to Buy more BTC][1]

Microstrategy will pay semi-annual interest to the note-holders until
December 2025. The firm also reserves the right to redeem the notes for
cash from Dec. 20, 2023. The announcement states that MicroStrategy may
also offer up to an additional $60 million worth of notes to its initial
purchasers within 13 days of commencing the offering.

The securities will be issued under Rule 144 of the Securities Act, and
will be available to qualified institutional [investor](https://www.fintechee.com/tutorial-for-forex-trading/investor-mode/)s only.

In response to MicroStrategy’s announcement, Gabor Gurbacs, the CEO of
New York-based investment firm VanEck, suggested the offering is more
indicative of a digital asset fund than a publicly listed company:

MicroStrategy made waves in the crypto world during August, when the
firm revealed it had adopted Bitcoin as its primary reserve asset after
purchasing 21,454 BTC for $250 million. It then purchased a further
16,796 BTC for $175 million the following month. The purchases were made
through Coinbase’s OTC and brokerage platform.

Just a few days ago on Dec. 5, MicroStrategy’s CEO, Michael Saylor,
announced the firm had purchased a further 2,574 BTC priced at
approximately $19,427 each for $50 million, bringing its total crypto
holdings up to roughly 40,824 BTC.

_Source:[FXPro][2]_

   1. /files/downloads/2/b/c/2bcef367bcb4feb4837158096bab6321_8f5f092b8ccac0b7879df36aa2478e3e.png
   2. /geturl/index/931af08b694bc1d645ab53406e7cfa1cd89d2c12/