+++
categories = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
date = "2020-12-08"
description = "Spain’s Second-Largest Bank Will Soon Launch Crypto Services"
tags = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
title = "Spain’s Second-Largest Bank Will Soon Launch Crypto Services"
type = "post"
+++

{{<iframe id="large-banner" src="https://www.bounty.group/#slide=1.0" width="100%" height="600" scrolling="no" style="border: 0px solid rgb(216, 221, 230); border-radius: 3px;">}}

BBVA, the second-largest bank in Spain, with about $840 billion in
assets, is poised to enter the cryptocurrency trading and custody space,
according to two people familiar with the plans. The Spanish bank will
begin its crypto offering out of Switzerland, said a source. Switzerland
has relatively comprehensive rules around digital assets, set out by the
country’s Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA).

![Spain’s Second-Largest Bank Will Soon Launch Crypto Services][1]

One source with knowledge of the plans told CoinDesk that BBVA is
“launching its Europe-wide crypto initiative from Switzerland.” “There
are still some compliance hurdles so this will not be in December, but I
expect they [BBVA] will be live next month,” they added.

Asked if BBVA was building its solution primarily to deal with tokenized
securities and the like, the source said: “This is a cryptocurrency
offering.” BBVA said it could not comment. BBVA is rumored to have
integrated the same custody solution for digital assets, called SILO, as
Russia’s Gazprombank. (Gazprombank is already live with a crypto
offering in Switzerland.)

About six months ago, BBVA began work on integrating the SILO custody
platform built by core banking software provider Avaloq and Swiss crypto
specialists METACO, according to the source. METACO is also known to be
working on an institutional custody solution with London-headquartered
Standard Chartered.

_Source:[FXPro][2]_

   1. /files/downloads/d/8/a/d8a398d033f7a6e35816bfca15a8d866_cc4c81d0efe98f487c61e2eeffe4c2b2.png
   2. /geturl/index/5e5e49f517f9667630251250aef4c8fe8675c26e/