+++
categories = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
date = "2020-10-27"
description = "$1Tn is conservative market cap for BTC, said investment CIO"
tags = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
title = "$1Tn is conservative market cap for BTC, said investment CIO"
type = "post"
+++

{{<iframe id="large-banner" src="https://www.bounty.group/#slide=4.0" width="100%" height="600" scrolling="no" style="border: 0px solid rgb(216, 221, 230); border-radius: 3px;">}}

Bitcoin (BTC) has recently seen ample interest from a number of
mainstream companies and persons, such as billionaire hedge funder Paul
Tudor Jones. This could be the beginning of a new wave of Bitcoin
buyers, according to Brian Estes, chief investment officer and managing
partner at Off The Chain Capital — an investment firm focused on
[blockchain](https://www.letsplayfx.com/blog/trade-forex-with-bitcoin/) and digital assets.

![$1Tn is conservative market cap for BTC, said investment CIO][1]

> “I think eventually all corporate treasuries will have a small amount
of their reserves in Bitcoin,” Estes told Cointelegraph in an interview.

A growing number of companies are looking to Bitcoin as part of their
treasury fund equation. Two of the latest entrants to the Bitcoin
ecosystem, MicroStrategy and Square, recently bought approximately $425
million and $50 million worth of BTC respectively. “Those are two of the
Fortune 1000 companies and I think there’s 998 left to go,” Estes said.

Collaborating with a number of its partners, Off The Chain crunched a
few numbers based on hypothetical scenarios, matching each company’s
presumed investment capability with possible Bitcoin purchases. “There’s
$4 trillion of treasury reserves at public corporations today,” Estes
said. “If just 1% of that moves into Bitcoin, that’s $40 billion.”

> “The multiplier effect for every dollar that goes into Bitcoin,
Bitcoin goes up somewhere between $20 and $100 in market cap,” Estes
explained. “If there’s $1 million in Bitcoin bought, the market cap of
Bitcoin goes up between $20 million and $100 million.”

This multiplier effect relates to the availability of funds on order
books across crypto exchanges, according to Fundstrat senior research
analyst and director David Grider. “Reason you get this effect is, as in
all markets, it’s the marginal liquidity at the edges that sets the
price and value for the entire asset base,” Grider told Cointelegraph.

On the low end of the spectrum, multiplying the $40 billion estimate by
twenty would boost Bitcoin’s market cap by $800 billion, Estes
speculated. This would push Bitcoin’s market cap past $1 trillion, up
from its current $222 billion evaluation.

_Source:[FXPro][2]_

   1. /files/downloads/3/e/6/3e69d7393444b97ea872c18be4b118c6_e630749726a3200cb05f2b80e5a15848.png
   2. /geturl/index/6897f3bcc31d246f093f951c1678614f30914d5c/