+++
categories = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
date = "2021-08-20"
description = "Crypto Exchange Binance Tightens Money-Laundering Checks"
tags = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
title = "Crypto Exchange Binance Tightens Money-Laundering Checks"
type = "post"
+++

{{<iframe id="large-banner" src="https://www.bounty.group/#slide=28.0" width="100%" height="600" scrolling="no" style="border: 0px solid rgb(216, 221, 230); border-radius: 3px;">}}

FRANKFURT (Reuters) -Cryptocurrency exchange Binance said on Friday it
would demand stricter background checks on customers to bolster efforts
against money laundering, with immediate effect, a move that comes after
weeks of pressure by regulators globally.

Binance, the world’s biggest crypto platform, has faced warnings and
business curbs from financial watchdogs from Britain and Germany to
Japan, who are concerned over the use of crypto in money laundering and
risks to consumers.

The exchange, whose holding company is registered in the Cayman Islands,
has scaled back its product offerings and said it wants to improve
relations with regulators.

U.S. Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen and European Central Bank President
Christine Lagarde were among those this year to voice concerns over
crypto money laundering, with other regulators growing concerned with
Binance in particular.

The Dutch central bank on Monday said the platform, which processed spot
trades worth $455 million in July, was not in compliance with its anti-
money laundering and anti-terrorist financing laws.

Binance users will have to complete a verification process to access its
products and services, it said on its [website](https://www.playgroundfx.com/blog/website-for-forex-trading/). Those who have not done
so will only be able to withdraw funds, cancel orders and close
positions.

The move represents a major shift by Binance.

Until now, it only asked for ID checks for users seeking higher limits
on trading. Now, users must provide an ID card, driver’s licence or
passport, it said.

Standards vary across exchanges. Many large platforms, including
Coinbase Global Inc and Gemini, also require users to submit ID
documents, yet Kraken, another U.S. exchange, only requires personal
information for limited access to trades.

## KNOW-YOUR-CUSTOMER

Binance CEO Changpeng Zhao, a Canadian known by his nickname "CZ," said
in a tweet linking to the Binance announcement that "actions speak
louder than words".

> “We aim to work more collaboratively with [policy](https://www.fintechee.com/policy/)-makers to improve
global standards and discourage bad actors,” he added in a separate
statement.

Binance said this week it had appointed a former U.S. Treasury criminal
investigator as its global money laundering reporting officer.

Still, some lawyers were sceptical over whether Friday’s move to tighten
checks would placate regulators.

Financial watchdogs would need to know which of Binance’s local entities
run the know-your-customer process to audit and check if it complies
with local laws, said Alireza Siadat, partner at law firm Annerton in
Frankfurt.

> “It is a nice marketing statement, but from the regulators’
perspective, this is not enough,” he said.

>

> “Since they are doing it on a voluntarily basis, regulators do not
know whether they have the authority to supervise the identity check,
and no one can look whether they are doing it properly.”

Binance’s corporate structure is opaque though its holding company is
registered in the Cayman Islands, according to British court documents
and Malaysia’s securities watchdog.

_Reporting by Krisztian Sandor in Frankfurt and Tom Wilson in London;
writing by Tom WilsonEditing by Rachel Armstrong and Elaine Hardcastle_