+++
categories = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
date = "2020-12-23"
description = "BTC Rises 5% after US Congress Passes ‘$900B ad for Bitcoin’"
tags = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
title = "BTC Rises 5% after US Congress Passes ‘$900B ad for Bitcoin’"
type = "post"
+++

{{<iframe id="large-banner" src="https://www.bounty.group/#slide=5.0" width="100%" height="600" scrolling="no" style="border: 0px solid rgb(216, 221, 230); border-radius: 3px;">}}

Bitcoin (BTC) price hit highs above $23,500 on Dec. 22 as Monday’s
weakness flipped to see bulls challenge previous levels. Data from
Cointelegraph Markets, Coin360 and TradingView show BTC/USD returning to
positions lost over the weekend, topping out at $23,625 at publishing
time. After plugging $21,800 on Monday, the markets have set a different
tone today, with Bitcoin gaining over 5% and adding $1,200 in just six
hours.

![BTC Rises 5% after US Congress Passes ‘$900B ad for Bitcoin’][1]

Macro factors combined to support Bitcoin’s appeal, with the United
States Congress passing a further $908 billion coronavirus stimulus
bill. “Another $900 billion dollar advertisement for Bitcoin,” Tyler
Winklevoss, co-founder of exchange Gemini, summarized following the
vote. Heatmap orderbook data shows that selling pressure at $24,000 and
definitive resistance at $25,000 remained, somewhat dampening prospects
of a stronger rally toward new all-time highs.

At the same time, Cointelegraph Markets analyst Michaël van de Poppe
warned that a dip below $20,000 would not be “surprising” under current
conditions. “People are focused on $19,500 for now, and I think this is
a very critical level to watch, but I would not be surprised if we dip
below $19,500 towards $18,500 to liquidate all the people that have
taken longs at that range,” he summarized in a video update on Tuesday.

_Source:[FXPro][2]_

   1. /files/downloads/d/0/6/d06c4aac45d69e62a8955584d8378ac4_7161bb0b8d50a889583106471a105ec1.png
   2. /geturl/index/bee55a370551748f98f4bcd877358b31242a3854/