+++
categories = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
date = "2020-12-17"
description = "BTC Hits $23K, On-Chain Analyst Says $55K is ‘Next Landmark’"
tags = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
title = "BTC Hits $23K, On-Chain Analyst Says $55K is ‘Next Landmark’"
type = "post"
+++

{{<iframe id="large-banner" src="https://www.bounty.group/#slide=2.0" width="100%" height="600" scrolling="no" style="border: 0px solid rgb(216, 221, 230); border-radius: 3px;">}}

The Bitcoin price (BTC) has surpassed the $21,000–$22,000 resistance
range to rise above a new high of $23,000 on Dec. 17. Meanwhile, on-
chain analyst Willy Woo now says $100,000 is a “ridiculously low”
target. The $21,000 level was particularly important for Bitcoin to
continue its rally in the near term. Exchange heatmaps showed stacked
sell orders at around $21,000 to $21,500, which meant BTC price had to
break through to see a broader uptrend.

![BTC Hits $23K, On-Chain Analyst Says $55K is ‘Next Landmark’][1]

Exchange heatmaps show no visible resistance levels and areas with large
sell orders above $22,000. In the short term, this means the probability
of BTC continuing its rally is high. Due to the optimistic market
sentiment and the sell-side crisis, Woo said the BTC Top Cap Model shows
$100,000 is a “ridiculously low target.” He said:

> “We are not at the all-time-high juncture where the BTC Top Cap Model
starts curving upwards. Let’s see how high she runs in 2021. $100k is a
ridiculously low target at the current trajectory. $55k is the next
landmark -> Bitcoin becomes a $1T macro asset bucket.” Woo emphasized
$55,000 as the milestone price for Bitcoin because it would mean BTC
would have hit 10% of gold’s market cap.

Currently, gold’s valuation is estimated to be around $9 trillion. Above
$50,000, Bitcoin would begin eating up a relatively large portion of the
market cap of gold, which remains the dominant safe-haven asset.

Exchange order books and volume trends also show that traders have moved
their sell orders higher, expecting Bitcoin to rise to $30,000 after
$20,000 was finally breached yesterday.

_Source:[FXPro][2]_

   1. /files/downloads/a/b/8/ab8ae3eff7ef10eb890fea0a249385fd_3334dda9d057624e64a125b5a7154d57.png
   2. /geturl/index/83ea1b3b8a2ff151d2d5934406f3e997c2ef1a84/