+++
categories = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
date = "2020-10-12"
description = "Facebook's Libra Must not Start Until Properly Regulated"
tags = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
title = "Facebook's Libra Must not Start Until Properly Regulated"
type = "post"
+++

{{<iframe id="large-banner" src="https://www.bounty.group/#slide=4.0" width="100%" height="600" scrolling="no" style="border: 0px solid rgb(216, 221, 230); border-radius: 3px;">}}

Financial leaders of the world's seven biggest economies will say on
Tuesday that they oppose the launch of Facebook's Libra stablecoin until
it is properly regulated, a draft G7 statement showed.

The draft, prepared for a meeting of finance ministers and central
bankers of the United States, Canada, Japan, Germany, France, Italy and
Britain, said digital payments could improve access to financial
services, cut inefficiencies and costs.

But such payment services had to be appropriately supervised and
regulated so that they would not undermine financial stability, consumer
protection, privacy, taxation or cybersecurity, the draft statement,
seen by Reuters, said.

Without proper supervision, such stablecoins could be used for money
laundering, terrorist and proliferation financing, could compromise
market integrity, governance, and undermine legal certainty, it said.

> “The G7 continues to maintain that no global stablecoin project should
begin operation until it adequately addresses relevant legal,
regulatory, and oversight requirements through appropriate design and by
adhering to applicable standards,” the draft said.

Stablecoins are tied to a traditional currency or basket of assets, and
used for payments or storing value.

The G20’s Financial Stability Board (FSB) set out 10 recommendations in
April for a common, international approach to regulating stablecoins,
prompted by social media giant Facebook proposing its Libra stablecoin.

The G7 draft notes that a number of G7 authorities are exploring the
opportunities and risks associated with central bank digital currencies
(CBDCs).

The European Central Bank said this month that it should prepare to
issue a digital euro to complement banknotes and its head Christine
Lagarde said on Monday the bank was “very seriously” looking at the
creation of a digital euro.

The Bank of England has also launched consultations on a digital pound
sterling, but the Bank of Japan and the Federal Reserve have so far
taken a back seat.

The G7 draft also expresses concern about the rising threat of
ransomware attacks, which are on the rise as the COVID-19 pandemic
shifted economic activity on-line.

> “These attacks, which often involve payments in crypto-assets,
jeopardize essential [functions](https://www.fintechee.com/tutorial-for-forex-trading/basic-functions/) along with our collective security and
prosperity. We affirm our resolve to combat this threat collectively as
well as individually,” the draft said.

_Reporting by Jan Strupczewski; Editing by Toby Chopra and Alexander
Smith_

_Source:[Reuters][1]_

   1. /geturl/index/ebb313ada14975822fefb8d9070ad4395fd05ec5/