+++
categories = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
date = "2020-05-28"
description = "BTC To Replace Gold, Crypto Data Analytics Company CEO Says"
tags = ["Cryptocurrency", "Blockchain", "SmartContract"]
title = "BTC To Replace Gold, Crypto Data Analytics Company CEO Says"
type = "post"
+++

{{<iframe id="large-banner" src="https://www.bounty.group/#slide=6.0" width="100%" height="600" scrolling="no" style="border: 0px solid rgb(216, 221, 230); border-radius: 3px;">}}

As the world turns more digital, crypto’s pioneer asset Bitcoin (BTC)
could take on gold’s store of value role, according to the CEO and co-
founder of Digital Assets Data, an analytics firm.

> “I see Bitcoin replacing gold as the hardest money for savers with
long time horizons,” CEO Mike Alfred told Cointelegraph. “Young people
are far more interested in Bitcoin in a world where the economy becomes
increasingly online and virtual,” he added.

![BTC Will Replace Gold, Crypto Data Analytics Company CEO Says][1]

Since its launch over a decade ago, Bitcoin has travelled a price path
from less than a dollar, all the way up to nearly $20,000. In that time
period, the asset has changed roles several times, from a transactional
currency to a financial asset, and everything in between, according to
analysis from crypto Twitter analyst PlanB.

> “The most compelling use cases continue to be in emerging markets
where monetary instability and inflation makes it extremely risky to
save in the local currency,” Alfred said.

Venezuela, for example, was hit hard by inflation in recent years,
finding itself drowning in 10,000,000% inflation by the latter half of
2019. Bitcoin, however, found greater popularity in the middle of such
cash troubles.

Not everyone sees Bitcoin in a positive light. Economist and BTC sceptic
Peter Schiff has tweeted a number of comments against Bitcoin,
preferring gold as an investment.

Bitcoin posted astronomical price gains over the last decade, as crypto
space participants often point out. Noting such statistics, Schiff
predicted the coming years as gold’s time to shine as Bitcoin loses
value.

Banking giant, Goldman Sachs, also recently said it does not view
Bitcoin as a legitimate asset category.

Plenty of crypto industry participants have countered various arguments
against BTC over the years, however, including Anthony Pompliano’s
Bitcoin hedge argument.

_Source:[FXPro][2]_

   1. /files/downloads/f/8/5/f857ca73afcaad688ed62ef08fef80de_79216a7435a02fc00b6f6eff841398d3.png
   2. /geturl/index/2c90ed479f767932cf93234be0d309d35d67ce82/